\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c FILE     =Package=.texi
@c PACKAGE  =Package=
@c AUTHOR   =Author=
@c 
@c CONTENT
@c   Main .texi file for the "=Package=" package manual.
@c
@c COPYRIGHT (C)  1997 =Environment= Library


@setfilename =Package=.info
@settitle Test Manual for the "=Package=" Package of the =Environment= Library

@c I CONFIGURATION
@c ****************************************************************************
@c   Description:
@c     Flags to be set or cleared in "Configuration.texi":
@c
@c     - implementation ... add implementation details to the manual.
@c     - functions      ... add formal function definitions.
@c     - manual         ... activates references in function descriptions.

@include Configuration.texi


@c o PREAMBLE STUFF

@c setchapternewpage odd
@iftex
@afourpaper
@end iftex
@footnotestyle separate
@syncodeindex vr fn

@c o COPYRIGHT CONDITIONS FOR THE INFO FILE.

@ifinfo
This file documents a package of the @sc{=Environment=} library -- a C++ library
for symbolic computation.
 
Copyright @copyright{} 1997 Edward S. Blurock

This document must not be distributed.
@end ifinfo


@c o TITLEPAGE SECTION FOR TEX FILE.

@titlepage
@title The "=Package=" Package of the =Environment= Library
@subtitle DRAFT -- FOR TEST USE ONLY.
@author =Author=

@c @page

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 1997 Edward S. Blurock

This document must not be distributed!
@end titlepage

@c o MASTER MENU FOR "=Package=.INFO".

@ifinfo
@node Top
@top Overview

This manual is used for testing the documentation of the @sc{=Package=}
package of the @sc{=Environment=} library.

DRAFT -- FOR INTERNAL USE ONLY.

Autor: =Author=


@menu
* Packages::                  Documentation of the =Package= package.
* Function Specifications::   Formal specifications of all functions.
* Concept Index::
* Type Index::
* Function Index::
@end menu
@end ifinfo

@include Packages.texi


@node     Function Specifications
@appendix Function Specifications

@ifset functions
@include Functions.texi
@end ifset
@ifclear functions
This version of the manual was created without formal function
specifications.  Please contact your local @sc{=Environment=} maintainer for full
documentation.
@end ifclear

@node       Concept Index
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp

@node       Type Index
@unnumbered Type Index

@printindex tp

@node       Function Index
@unnumbered Function Index

@printindex fn


@contents

@bye
